WRO-630: Add support for SCSS/Sass (#272)
enactjs/cli: CHANGELOG.md

* Updated `@enact/template-sandstone` dependency.

### pack, serve

> * Added `sass-loader` for supporting sass/scss files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `sass-loader` for opt-in support for SASS.
```
